Updated readme for instructions how to test on kuva infra (#565)
City-of-Helsinki/yjdh: frontend/README.md

More info: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51699564/how-to-fix-npm-audit-fix-issues

## testing in Kuva environments

In every pull-request, changed service are deployed to unique url, depending on pull-request number, 
eg. `https://ks-empl-540.test.kuva.hel.ninja` where `540` is pr number and `ks-empl` name of the service

However due to certificate errors, environment does not work with default browser settings: 

> You'll get CORS errors and frontend wont communicate with backend. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll get CORS errors and the frontend won't communicate with the backend. 
```

To fix this, you need to start the chrome browser with special flag which list hashes of 
certificates which are ignored:

   - on Mac Os, run command:
   

>     open -a Google\ Chrome --args --ignore-certificate-errors-spki-list="8sg/cl7YabrOFqSqH+Bu0e+P27Av33gWgi8Lq28DW1I=,gJt+wt/T3afCRkxtMMSjXcl/99sgzWc2kk1c1PC9tG0=,zrQI2/1q8i2SRPmMZ1sMntIkG+lMW0legPFokDo3nrY="

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `open -a Google\ Chrome --args --ignore-certificate-errors-spki-list="8sg/cl7YabrOFqSqH+Bu0e+P27Av33gWgi8Lq28DW1I=,gJt+wt/T3afCRkxtMMSjXcl/99sgzWc2kk1c1PC9tG0=,zrQI2/1q8i2SRPmMZ1sMntIkG+lMW0legPFokDo3nrY="`
```
